Hi everyone, my name is Ryan Lewis, and welcome to my course,
AWS Developer: Serverless Architecture and Monitoring.
I've been architecting and creating serverless applications in AWS for many
years in my work for large enterprises as a senior engineer.
Amazon Web Services started the serverless revolution
after launching Lambda in 2014,
and it's still the best place to create distributed serverless applications.
AWS continues to innovate in the field of serverless and has
also introduced some incredibly powerful services for
monitoring any kind of web application.
As improved tooling and support services for
applications continue to be introduced,
AWS is cementing itself as the platform of choice for most enterprise companies.
In this course, we are going to go deep into both of those topics,
serverless architecture and monitoring.
We'll architect an application using many of AWS's most
popular services and then configure monitoring to be able
to keep an eye on everything.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include improving performance,
stability,
and security with AWS Lambda; configuring serverless event sources, such as API
Gateway and Kinesis; monitoring applications with AWS X‑Ray; and creating
CloudWatch alarms to monitor serverless applications.
By the end of this course,
you'll have a new understanding of how to build and deploy serverless
applications and monitor any application in AWS.
Before beginning the course,
you should have a good understanding of AWS services
and have some experience using them.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to master Amazon Web Services with the
AWS Developer: Serverless Architecture and Monitoring course, at Pluralsight.